[doc] add small example to flight recorder tutorial (#3163)
pytorch/tutorials: prototype_source/flight_recorder_tutorial.rst

  # Initialize the process group with a small timeout so that jobs fail quickly
  dist.init_process_group("nccl", world_size=world_size, rank=local_rank, timeout=timedelta(seconds=1))

  a = torch.full((3, 4), float(local_rank), device=device)
  # Write some collectives to populate Flight Recorder data
  for i in range(2):
    print(f"calling allreduce on {local_rank=}")
    f = dist.all_reduce(a)

  # rank0 is doing an additional collective
  if local_rank == 0:
    print("rank0 is doing an allreduce on tensor b, but other ranks forgot")
    b = torch.full((4,5), float(local_rank), device=device)
    f = dist.all_reduce(b)

  for i in range(2):
    print(f"calling allreduce on {local_rank=}")
    f = dist.all_reduce(a)

  torch.cuda.synchronize(device=device)
  print(f"{local_rank=} exiting")

To run this program, use ``torchrun``:

.. code:: python

  torchrun --nnodes=1 --nproc_per_node=2 crash.py

You should see two files in the ``/tmp`` directory:

.. code:: bash

  $ls /tmp/trace*
  # Expected output
  /tmp/trace_0 /tmp/trace_1

Finally, to analyze these two files, we use the ``torchfrtrace`` command:

.. code:: bash

  torchfrtrace --prefix "trace_" /tmp/

> The output from the trace command is meant to be human readable. It includes information about the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The output from the trace command is meant to be human-readable. It includes information about the
```

> set of collectives that induced a failure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
set of collectives that caused a failure.
```

  python fr_trace.py <dump dir containing trace files> -j [--selected-ranks i j k ...] [--pg-filters tp dp]
  torchfrtrace <dump dir containing trace files> -j [--selected-ranks i j k ...] [--pg-filters 0 2]

> A Small example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An End-to-End Example
```

> ---------------

Reviewer: ```suggestion
------------------------------------
```

> To put this all togther, we demonstrate Flight Recorder using a small program where we induce mismatched collectives.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To demonstrate the use of Flight Recorder, we will use a small program where we induce mismatched collectives.
```

> `rank0` is programmed to do an additional collective.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, ``rank0`` is programmed to do an additional collective.
```

> We write out Flight Recorder dump files to the `/tmp`` directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Flight Recorder dump files are saved to the ``/tmp`` directory. 
```

> For the purpose of this example, we named the small program `crash.py`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For demonstration purposes, we named this program ``crash.py``. 

.. note:: 
   Please note that this is a simplified example. In real-world scenarios, the process would involve more 
   complexities.
```

  os.environ["TORCH_NCCL_DEBUG_INFO_TEMP_FILE"] = "/tmp/trace_"
  os.environ["TORCH_NCCL_DUMP_ON_TIMEOUT"] = "1"
  os.environ["TORCH_NCCL_TRACE_BUFFER_SIZE"] = "2000"
  device = torch.device(f"cuda:{local_rank}")
  print(f"{local_rank=} {world_size=} master addr: {os.environ['MASTER_ADDR']} master port: {os.environ['MASTER_PORT']} {device=}")

  # Initialize the process group with a small timeout so that jobs fail quickly
  dist.init_process_group("nccl", world_size=world_size, rank=local_rank, timeout=timedelta(seconds=1))

  a = torch.full((3, 4), float(local_rank), device=device)
  # Write some collectives to populate Flight Recorder data
  for i in range(2):
    print(f"calling allreduce on {local_rank=}")
    f = dist.all_reduce(a)

  # rank0 is doing an additional collective
  if local_rank == 0:
    print("rank0 is doing an allreduce on tensor b, but other ranks forgot")
    b = torch.full((4,5), float(local_rank), device=device)
    f = dist.all_reduce(b)

  for i in range(2):
    print(f"calling allreduce on {local_rank=}")
    f = dist.all_reduce(a)

  torch.cuda.synchronize(device=device)
  print(f"{local_rank=} exiting")

> To run this program, we use `torchrun`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run this program, use ``torchrun``:
```

.. code:: python

  torchrun --nnodes=1 --nproc_per_node=2 crash.py

> You'll notice two files in the `/tmp` directory

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should see two files in the ``/tmp`` directory:
```

.. code:: bash

  ls /tmp/trace*
  # Expected output
  # /tmp/trace_0 /tmp/trace1

> Finally, to analyze these two files, we use the `torchfrtrace` command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, to analyze these two files, we use the ``torchfrtrace`` command:
```

.. code:: bash

  torchfrtrace --prefix "trace_" /tmp/
  # Expected output
  # Collective 3 at entry 2 error

>   # ...

Reviewer: Anything we should add about the content of the trace files and how to analize them?

Author: Added a note!
